hello this is Mike Trujillo the car by
C++ product manager and I want to
welcome you to the new version 1 dot 3
beta program the short video will review
the new beta program including our new
support model for bug reporting and new
user access to more freaking versions of
carbide let's begin the google group
remains is the main page for news and
discussion it contains links for new
features and release notes details of
the beta program and links for downloads
and bug reporting a separate page is
used for downloading the beta releases
beta releases are internally tested
builds that can be downloaded and used
for feature testing your bug report
should be submitted based on the latest
build which we hope to be to be produced
every two to three weeks the beta
release is more fully tested and Miss
considered to be our most stable build a
new site has been added for developers
to access daily builds called
development builds development build
releases are new and our daily builds
used for verifying bug Corrections these
builds have no internal testing and may
not be entirely stable due to daily
changes use them at your own risk
however they do provide the opportunity
to quickly confirm that a bug report
that you report it has been fixed if the
bug still exists append a comment to the
bug in the bugzilla carbide tool
speaking of which we have added a bug
tracking database called bugzilla
bugzilla is used by the carbide team for
bug reporting beta users now have direct
access to the bug reporting database
this means that users can log bugs
directly into the car by developer team
and they will be updated as their bugs
are our updated beta users will only be
able to see bugs entered by the beta
group
so let's take a look at the new web
pages as I mentioned before the Welcome
page on the google group contains links
for all the details of the program
please take a minute to review this page
the beta download site will contain the
latest beta product as mentioned
previously the beta product is
recommended for evaluation the
development release or the daily builds
contain the last week's worth of builds
use these at your own risk and finally
bugzilla the bug tracking tool allows
users to enter bugs and track progress
on the reported bugs instructions for
the bugzilla group may be found on the
carbide Google Group welcome page so as
you can see we've made many big changes
in our in our process to help carbide in
the entire beta process even more
productive and easy we thank you for
your support in making development tools
stronger for the symbian developer
community